Every career field has its problems and its issues. The major problems
I see and cryptology day are the consistent and destructive leaks because
we are not doing a good job of clearing our people giving too
many people clearances who don't have any affection for or loyalty
to the United States and they see their life is somehow separate and
above the life of the nation until we can solve that problem knowing
when the nation be at risk but those practicing the feeling cryptology
will find their work being completely trashed by selfish ego centric
people. In academia, the major problem we have is that students
are less and less inclined to take the hard choices and go to difficult
fields like engineering, math, and computer science.